at the Y we want to get kids more active
in safe and simple ways so that they can
have a happier healthier future and what
better time to get active than during
National Children's week we've put our
heads together and came up with a plan
we grab some chalk found some willing
kids at Dendera primary school and sure
enough chalk it up was born so let's go
let's go chalk it up it's all part of
YMCA active kids and promoting easy safe
and fun games that everyone can play
some of the chalk aims can really work
up a sweat it's a great way for kids to
use their imagination and create games
together the opportunities are endless I
like to play outside because I get to
post all my friends I like playing
outside cuz they're covering playable
games inside Kennedy you don't need much
outdoor space and the possibilities are
endless
with chalk it up school-aged children
can be healthier happier and more active
do it anywhere in the school playground
on footpaths in your backyard at home
anywhere
my favorite chalk in today has been why
ball because it really helped me out
with my nipple skills and today I played
sambal with the top and bullseye
I think it's a good idea to play the top
games first you can be creative you can
be imaginative with the why kids can
turn small inspirations into big
possibilities thanks so much to Dendera
primary school students and staff for
talking it up with the YMCA active kids
so go on get out there draw your play
check it up